pages/conformance/conformance_coreapi.md, before:

---
title:  Conformance Overview
keywords: getcarerecord, structured, rest, resource
tags: [conformance]
sidebar: foundations_sidebar
permalink: conformance_coreapi.html
summary: "Overview of Core API Conformance expectations"
---

{% include custom/search.warnbanner.html %}

<!-- include custom/api_overview.svg -->

<!--## 1. Pre-Requisites for FHIR Servers ##-->


## 1. FHIR Resource Conformance Requirements ##

- Where Care Connect profiles exist for resources they MUST be used. 
  - The Care Connect profiles MUST be used within the API and implementation and feedback is encouraged.
- The Core API can be extended to use resources for which no Care Connect profiles currently exist.
  - If no Care Connect profile exists then engagement with INTEROPen is encouraged so that profiles can be considered for later product releases.
- When using Care Connect profiles and extensions are required, Care Connect extensions SHOULD be used.
  - Care Connect profile extensions should be the first option when extending profiles. If a local use case requires further extension then this should be initially a “non” Care Connect extension. Engagement with the INTEROPen community is encouraged to validate the extension.
- When using the Care Connect Core API the implementer can choose which resource types to support.
  - All resource types are optional (even Patient). The implementer can choose the resources that meets the use cases being catered for.
- Resources MUST identify the CareConnect profile supported as part of the [FHIR Base Resource](https://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/resource-definitions.html#Resource.meta){:target="_blank"} i.e. populate the FHIR `meta.profile` attribute for each instance.


## 2. Server Conformance Requirements ##

<!-- ## 1. Care Connect Core API Server Conformance Requirements ## -->

This section outlines conformance requirements for Care Connect Core API Servers<!--and Client applications-->, identifying FHIR profiles, RESTful operations and the search parameters to be supported. 

<!--
Note: The individual Care Connect Core profiles identify the structural constraints, terminology bindings and invariants, however, implementers must refer to the conformance requirements for details on the RESTful operations, specific profiles and the search parameters applicable to each of the US Core actors.
-->

### 2.1 Conformance Requirements for Care Connect Core Server ###

- MUST support HL7 FHIR STU3 version 3.0.1.
- MUST Implement REST behavior according to the [FHIR specification]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html){:target="_blank"}
<!-- Resources MUST identify the CareConnect profile supported as part of the [FHIR Base Resource](https://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/resource-definitions.html#Resource.meta){:target="_blank"} i.e. populate the FHIR `meta.profile` attribute for each instance. -->
- MUST support JSON format for all CareConnect API interactions and SHOULD support XML format.
- MUST declare a CapabilityStatement identifying the list of profiles, operations and search parameters supported.
  - In order to be a compliant FHIR server, Servers <!--client systems--> MUST expose a valid FHIR [CapabilityStatement]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/capabilitystatement.html){:target="_blank"} instance. See the [capabilities](api_foundation_capability.html) interaction.
  - This MUST conform to the Care Connect Core API `Requirements` [Capability Statement](examples/CareConnect-Core-ServerRequirements-CapabilityStatement-1v0.3.xml){:target="_blank"}.

<!--  with the See also the Care Connect [Core API CapabilityStatement Requirements](api_foundation_capability.html) profile. -->
<!-- 
- MUST support the CareConnect Patient resource profile.
- MUST support at least one additional resource profile from the list of CareConnect Profiles
- MUST support XML **or** JSON formats for all CareConnect API interactions and SHOULD support both formats.
 MUST Implement REST behavior according to the [FHIR specification]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}http.html){:target="_blank"}
-->



<!--
### 1.2 FHIR Conformance ###

SHALL declare a Conformance identifying the list of profiles, operations, search parameter supported.

In order to be a compliant FHIR server, client systems need to expose a valid FHIR [Capability]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}capabilitystatement.html){:target="_blank"} profile. See also [Care Connect API FHIR Capability profile](api_foundation_capability.html).
-->


### 2.2 Profile Interaction Summary ###

All servers MUST make available the <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#read">read </a> and <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#search">search </a> interactions for the resources the server chooses to support.

<!--
All servers SHOULD make available the <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#vread">vread </a> and <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#history-instance">history-instance </a> interactions for the resources the server chooses to support.-->


<b>Summary of the Care Connect Core API search criteria</b>

Specific server search capabilities are described in detail in each of the resource sections.




<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="clinical">
	<th style="width:10%;">Resource Profile</th>
    <th style="width:70%;">Supported Searches</th>
    <th style="width:20%;">Supported Includes</th>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_clinical_allergyintolerance.html">AllergyIntolerance </a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + code, patient + clinical-status, patient + verification-status</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_clinical_condition.html">Condition </a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + clinical-status, patient + category</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_management_encounter.html">Encounter</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + date, patient + type, patient + type + date</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_immunization.html">Immunization</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + vaccination-procedure-code, patient + notgiven, patient + status</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_location.html">Location</a></code></td>
    <td>identifier, name, address, address-city, address-postalcode</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_medication.html">Medication </a></code></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_medicationrequest">MedicationRequest</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + status</td>
    <td>MedicationRequest.medication</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_medicationstatement">MedicationStatement</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + status</td>
    <td>MedicationStatement.medication</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_diagnostics_observation.html">Observation</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + date, patient + code, patient + date + code</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_organization.html">Organization</a></code></td>
     <td>identifier, name, address, address-city, address-postalcode</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_patient.html">Patient </a></code></td>
    <td>identifier, given, family, birthdate, gender, name, name + gender, name + birthdate, family + gender, given + gender</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_practitioner.html">Practitioner</a></code></td>
    <td>identifier, name</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_practitioner_role.html">PractitionerRole</a></code></td>
    <td>organization, practitioner</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_clinical_procedure.html">Procedure</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + date</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
</table>

For `date` type search requests, servers MUST support the following modifier prefixes to the parameter value:
- greater than or equal to `ge`
- less than or equal to `le`
- greater than `gt`
- less than `lt`

### 2.3 Capability Statement ###

FHIR Servers MUST support the Care Connect Core API `Requirements` [Capability Statement](examples/CareConnect-Core-ServerRequirements-CapabilityStatement-1v0.3.xml){:target="_blank"}

<!--[Demographics Batch Service (DBS)](CareConnect-ServerRequirements-CapabilityStatement-1){:target="_blank"}-->

## 3. Client Conformance Requirements ##

<!-- ## 2. Care Connect Core API Client Conformance Requirements ## -->

This section outlines conformance requirements for Care Connect Core API <!--Servers and --> Client applications: 

- When using the Care Connect Core API to access clinical data, a verified NHS number SHOULD be used.


## 4. Security Conformance Considerations ##

TBC


<!-- ### 1.4 NHS Number ### -->

## 5. NHS Number ##

NHS Number SHOULD be used with the Care Connect Core API. If the NHS Number is used, this MUST be a verified NHS Number. This can be achieved using a spine accredited system, a [Demographics Batch Service (DBS)](https://developer.nhs.uk/library/systems/demographic-batch-service-dbs/){:target="_blank"} batch-traced record (CSV), or using a [Spine Mini Services Provider (HL7v3)](https://nhsconnect.github.io/spine-smsp/){:target="_blank"} to verify the NHS Number.
<!-- 
 MUST be used with the Care Connect Core API. This can be achieved using a spine accredited system, a [Demographics Batch Service (DBS)](https://developer.nhs.uk/library/systems/demographic-batch-service-dbs/){:target="_blank"} batch-traced record (CSV), or using a [Spine Mini Services Provider (HL7v3)](https://nhsconnect.github.io/spine-smsp/){:target="_blank"} to verify the NHS Number.
-->


<!-- include custom/contribute.html content="Get in touch with us to improve the Prerequisites." -->


<!--
## 2. Resource API Structure ##
The FHIR Care Connect profile API's described in the Explore section of this implementation guide have been structured consistently in the following way:
- `0.` References
- `1.` Read
- `2.` Search Parameters
- `3.` Example

### 2.1 Resource API Structure Details ###

<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="clinical">
<th style="width:20%;">General</th>
<th style="width:80%;">Description </th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>0. References</td>
<td>Links to other parts of the implementation guide which might help with context and understanding the API's described</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1. Read</td>
<td>A description of how to get the API</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>2. Search Parameters</td>
<td>List of search parameters for the profile being described, including any tips for searching. This section shows examples of how to search using the provided search parameters</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3. Example</td>
<td>Description of of the Request & Response headers, example of how to search on a server and the expected response body as an example</td>
</tr>
</table>

## 3. Resource API's ##
This section looks at the Care Connect profile API's covered within this implementation guide.


<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="clinical">
<th style="width:33%;">Clinical</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
</tr>
<tr id="clinicald">
<th>Summary</th>
<th>Diagnostics</th>
<th>Medications</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_clinical_allergyintolerance.html">AllergyIntolerance</a></td>
<td><a href="api_diagnostics_observation.html">Observation</a></td>
<td><a href="api_medication_medication.html">Medication</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_clinical_condition.html">Condition</a> (Problem)</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td><a href="api_medication_medicationorder.html">MedicationOrder</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_clinical_procedure.html">Procedure</a></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td><a href="api_medication_medicationstatement.html">MedicationStatement</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td><a href="api_medication_immunization.html">Immunization</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="base">
<th style="width:33%;">Base</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
</tr>
<tr id="based">
<th>Individuals</th>
<th>Entities</th>
<th>Management</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_entity_patient.html">Patient</a></td>
<td><a href="api_entity_organisation.html">Organization</a></td>
<td><a href="api_management_encounter.html">Encounter</a></td><td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_entity_practitioner.html">Practitioner</a></td>
<td><a href="api_entity_location.html">Location</a></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_entity_practitioner_role.html">PractitionerRole</a></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
</table>


<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="conformance">
<th style="width:33%;">Foundation</th>
<th style="width:33%;"></th>
<th style="width:33%;"></th>
</tr>
<tr id="conformanced">
<th>Capability</th>
<th></th>
<th>&nbsp;</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_foundation_capability.html">Capability Statement</a></td>
<td></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
</table>
-->

Commit message:

conformance security section draft bullets added

pages/conformance/conformance_coreapi.md, after:

---
title:  Conformance Overview
keywords: getcarerecord, structured, rest, resource
tags: [conformance]
sidebar: foundations_sidebar
permalink: conformance_coreapi.html
summary: "Overview of Core API Conformance expectations"
---

{% include custom/search.warnbanner.html %}

<!-- include custom/api_overview.svg -->

<!--## 1. Pre-Requisites for FHIR Servers ##-->


## 1. FHIR Resource Conformance Requirements ##

- Where Care Connect profiles exist for resources they MUST be used. 
  - The Care Connect profiles MUST be used within the API and implementation and feedback is encouraged.
- The Core API can be extended to use resources for which no Care Connect profiles currently exist.
  - If no Care Connect profile exists then engagement with INTEROPen is encouraged so that profiles can be considered for later product releases.
- When using Care Connect profiles and extensions are required, Care Connect extensions SHOULD be used.
  - Care Connect profile extensions should be the first option when extending profiles. If a local use case requires further extension then this should be initially a “non” Care Connect extension. Engagement with the INTEROPen community is encouraged to validate the extension.
- When using the Care Connect Core API the implementer can choose which resource types to support.
  - All resource types are optional (even Patient). The implementer can choose the resources that meets the use cases being catered for.
- Resources MUST identify the CareConnect profile supported as part of the [FHIR Base Resource](https://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/resource-definitions.html#Resource.meta){:target="_blank"} i.e. populate the FHIR `meta.profile` attribute for each instance.


## 2. Server Conformance Requirements ##

<!-- ## 1. Care Connect Core API Server Conformance Requirements ## -->

This section outlines conformance requirements for Care Connect Core API Servers<!--and Client applications-->, identifying FHIR profiles, RESTful operations and the search parameters to be supported. 

<!--
Note: The individual Care Connect Core profiles identify the structural constraints, terminology bindings and invariants, however, implementers must refer to the conformance requirements for details on the RESTful operations, specific profiles and the search parameters applicable to each of the US Core actors.
-->

### 2.1 Conformance Requirements for Care Connect Core Server ###

- MUST support HL7 FHIR STU3 version 3.0.1.
- MUST Implement REST behavior according to the [FHIR specification]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html){:target="_blank"}
<!-- Resources MUST identify the CareConnect profile supported as part of the [FHIR Base Resource](https://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/resource-definitions.html#Resource.meta){:target="_blank"} i.e. populate the FHIR `meta.profile` attribute for each instance. -->
- MUST support JSON format for all CareConnect API interactions and SHOULD support XML format.
- MUST declare a CapabilityStatement identifying the list of profiles, operations and search parameters supported.
  - In order to be a compliant FHIR server, Servers <!--client systems--> MUST expose a valid FHIR [CapabilityStatement]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/capabilitystatement.html){:target="_blank"} instance. See the [capabilities](api_foundation_capability.html) interaction.
  - This MUST conform to the Care Connect Core API `Requirements` [Capability Statement](examples/CareConnect-Core-ServerRequirements-CapabilityStatement-1v0.3.xml){:target="_blank"}.

<!--  with the See also the Care Connect [Core API CapabilityStatement Requirements](api_foundation_capability.html) profile. -->
<!-- 
- MUST support the CareConnect Patient resource profile.
- MUST support at least one additional resource profile from the list of CareConnect Profiles
- MUST support XML **or** JSON formats for all CareConnect API interactions and SHOULD support both formats.
 MUST Implement REST behavior according to the [FHIR specification]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}http.html){:target="_blank"}
-->



<!--
### 1.2 FHIR Conformance ###

SHALL declare a Conformance identifying the list of profiles, operations, search parameter supported.

In order to be a compliant FHIR server, client systems need to expose a valid FHIR [Capability]({{ site.hl7_baseurl.stu3 }}capabilitystatement.html){:target="_blank"} profile. See also [Care Connect API FHIR Capability profile](api_foundation_capability.html).
-->


### 2.2 Profile Interaction Summary ###

All servers MUST make available the <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#read">read </a> and <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#search">search </a> interactions for the resources the server chooses to support.

<!--
All servers SHOULD make available the <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#vread">vread </a> and <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/http.html#history-instance">history-instance </a> interactions for the resources the server chooses to support.-->


<b>Summary of the Care Connect Core API search criteria</b>

Specific server search capabilities are described in detail in each of the resource sections.




<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="clinical">
	<th style="width:10%;">Resource Profile</th>
    <th style="width:70%;">Supported Searches</th>
    <th style="width:20%;">Supported Includes</th>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_clinical_allergyintolerance.html">AllergyIntolerance </a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + code, patient + clinical-status, patient + verification-status</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_clinical_condition.html">Condition </a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + clinical-status, patient + category</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_management_encounter.html">Encounter</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + date, patient + type, patient + type + date</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_immunization.html">Immunization</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + vaccination-procedure-code, patient + notgiven, patient + status</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_location.html">Location</a></code></td>
    <td>identifier, name, address, address-city, address-postalcode</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_medication.html">Medication </a></code></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_medicationrequest">MedicationRequest</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + status</td>
    <td>MedicationRequest.medication</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_medication_medicationstatement">MedicationStatement</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + status</td>
    <td>MedicationStatement.medication</td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_diagnostics_observation.html">Observation</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + date, patient + code, patient + date + code</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_organization.html">Organization</a></code></td>
     <td>identifier, name, address, address-city, address-postalcode</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_patient.html">Patient </a></code></td>
    <td>identifier, given, family, birthdate, gender, name, name + gender, name + birthdate, family + gender, given + gender</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_practitioner.html">Practitioner</a></code></td>
    <td>identifier, name</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_entity_practitioner_role.html">PractitionerRole</a></code></td>
    <td>organization, practitioner</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
	<td><code class="highlighter-rouge"><a href="api_clinical_procedure.html">Procedure</a></code></td>
    <td>patient, patient + date</td>
    <td></td>
</tr>
</table>

For `date` type search requests, servers MUST support the following modifier prefixes to the parameter value:
- greater than or equal to `ge`
- less than or equal to `le`
- greater than `gt`
- less than `lt`

### 2.3 Capability Statement ###

FHIR Servers MUST support the Care Connect Core API `Requirements` [Capability Statement](examples/CareConnect-Core-ServerRequirements-CapabilityStatement-1v0.3.xml){:target="_blank"}

<!--[Demographics Batch Service (DBS)](CareConnect-ServerRequirements-CapabilityStatement-1){:target="_blank"}-->

## 3. Client Conformance Requirements ##

<!-- ## 2. Care Connect Core API Client Conformance Requirements ## -->

This section outlines conformance requirements for Care Connect Core API <!--Servers and --> Client applications: 

- When using the Care Connect Core API to access clinical data, a verified NHS number SHOULD be used.


## 4. Security Conformance Considerations ##

<font color="red"> WORK IN PROGRESS - NEEDS DISCUSSION </font>

All Core API transactions must be secured appropriately with access limited to authorized individuals, data protected in transit and appropriate audit measures taken.

Implementers should be aware of the [security considerations](http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/security.html) associated with FHIR transactions.

For the purpose of the Core API, minimum security conformance requirements are as follows:

- Systems MUST support Transport Layer Security Version 1.2 (TLS v1.2) or higher for all transmissions
- For authentication, systems SHOULD support [Authentication Types](https://developer.nhs.uk/apis/national-authentication/AuthenType_Intro.html) as used within the NHS Identity Service.
- For authorisation systems SHOULD support the OAuth 2.0 standard. See the NHS Identity Service [Authorisation Service Overview](https://nhsconnect.github.io/national-authentication/Intro_Authorisation.html)
- Systems SHOULD use ID & Access Token as specified [here](https://developer.nhs.uk/apis/national-authentication/TechOverview_Artefacts.html#introduction)

<!--and Authorization, Systems SHALL use the Smart on FHIR OAuth 2.0 profiles. NOTE: The Smart On FHIR specifications include the required OAuth2 scopes for enabling security decisions.
- Alignment with RBAC - The national authorisation services are likely to use the national RBAC roles and activities associated with authenticated users to inform it’s authorisation decisions.
-->
- Systems MUST implement consent requirements as per local policies.

<!-- not taking place over a secure network connection. (Using TLS even within a secured network environment is still encouraged to provide defense in depth.) -->
<!--
- Systems SHOULD use national Role Based Access Control [RBAC](https://developer.nhs.uk/apis/spine-core/security_rbac.html) - supports the complex access control requirements of the NHS.

-->



<!-- ### 1.4 NHS Number ### -->

## 5. NHS Number ##

NHS Number SHOULD be used with the Care Connect Core API. If the NHS Number is used, this MUST be a verified NHS Number. This can be achieved using a spine accredited system, a [Demographics Batch Service (DBS)](https://developer.nhs.uk/library/systems/demographic-batch-service-dbs/){:target="_blank"} batch-traced record (CSV), or using a [Spine Mini Services Provider (HL7v3)](https://nhsconnect.github.io/spine-smsp/){:target="_blank"} to verify the NHS Number.
<!-- 
 MUST be used with the Care Connect Core API. This can be achieved using a spine accredited system, a [Demographics Batch Service (DBS)](https://developer.nhs.uk/library/systems/demographic-batch-service-dbs/){:target="_blank"} batch-traced record (CSV), or using a [Spine Mini Services Provider (HL7v3)](https://nhsconnect.github.io/spine-smsp/){:target="_blank"} to verify the NHS Number.
-->


<!-- include custom/contribute.html content="Get in touch with us to improve the Prerequisites." -->


<!--
## 2. Resource API Structure ##
The FHIR Care Connect profile API's described in the Explore section of this implementation guide have been structured consistently in the following way:
- `0.` References
- `1.` Read
- `2.` Search Parameters
- `3.` Example

### 2.1 Resource API Structure Details ###

<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="clinical">
<th style="width:20%;">General</th>
<th style="width:80%;">Description </th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>0. References</td>
<td>Links to other parts of the implementation guide which might help with context and understanding the API's described</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1. Read</td>
<td>A description of how to get the API</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>2. Search Parameters</td>
<td>List of search parameters for the profile being described, including any tips for searching. This section shows examples of how to search using the provided search parameters</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3. Example</td>
<td>Description of of the Request & Response headers, example of how to search on a server and the expected response body as an example</td>
</tr>
</table>

## 3. Resource API's ##
This section looks at the Care Connect profile API's covered within this implementation guide.


<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="clinical">
<th style="width:33%;">Clinical</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
</tr>
<tr id="clinicald">
<th>Summary</th>
<th>Diagnostics</th>
<th>Medications</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_clinical_allergyintolerance.html">AllergyIntolerance</a></td>
<td><a href="api_diagnostics_observation.html">Observation</a></td>
<td><a href="api_medication_medication.html">Medication</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_clinical_condition.html">Condition</a> (Problem)</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td><a href="api_medication_medicationorder.html">MedicationOrder</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_clinical_procedure.html">Procedure</a></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td><a href="api_medication_medicationstatement.html">MedicationStatement</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td><a href="api_medication_immunization.html">Immunization</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="base">
<th style="width:33%;">Base</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
<th style="width:33%;">&nbsp;</th>
</tr>
<tr id="based">
<th>Individuals</th>
<th>Entities</th>
<th>Management</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_entity_patient.html">Patient</a></td>
<td><a href="api_entity_organisation.html">Organization</a></td>
<td><a href="api_management_encounter.html">Encounter</a></td><td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_entity_practitioner.html">Practitioner</a></td>
<td><a href="api_entity_location.html">Location</a></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_entity_practitioner_role.html">PractitionerRole</a></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
</table>


<table style="min-width:100%;width:100%">
<tr id="conformance">
<th style="width:33%;">Foundation</th>
<th style="width:33%;"></th>
<th style="width:33%;"></th>
</tr>
<tr id="conformanced">
<th>Capability</th>
<th></th>
<th>&nbsp;</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="api_foundation_capability.html">Capability Statement</a></td>
<td></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
</table>
-->
